# Range Privacy Policy

- _Effective: May 14, 2018_
- _Updated: June 14, 2023_

Privacy is important. We respect yours. Our goal is to do more than we have to
by law — we want to earn your trust that we are careful with your data. This
policy sets out our privacy practices and explains how Range Labs Inc. (“Range”,
“us”, “we”) handles the information we collect when you visit and use our sites,
services, mobile applications, products, and content (“Services”).

### Table of Contents

- [Changes to this policy](#changes-to-this-policy)
- [Who We Are](#who-we-are)
- [What this policy applies to](#what-this-policy-applies-to)
- [Data we collect](#data-we-collect)
- [How we use data](#how-we-use-this-data)
- [How we disclose data](#how-we-disclose-data)
- [Cookie Policy](#cookie-policy)
- [Data Storage](#data-storage)
- [Data Security](#data-security)
- [Data Retention](#data-retention)
- [Data Transfers](#data-transfers)
- [Your Privacy rights](#your-privacy-rights)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Data Protection Authority](#data-protection-authority)
- [Supplemental Notice For California Residents](#supplemental-notice-for-california-residents)
- [Supplemental Notice For Nevada Residents](#supplemental-notice-for-nevada-residents)

### Changes to this policy

Range may periodically update this Policy. We’ll notify you about significant
changes to it. The most current version of the policy will always be
[here](https://github.com/range-labs/range-policy) and we will archive [former
versions of the policy](https://github.com/range-labs/range-policy/commits/main/privacy-policy.md).

### Who We Are

Range provides services to help companies work better together. Our main service
is a team coordination tool for building high-performance cultures. We are a
Delaware C-Corp, located in San Francisco.

### What this policy applies to

This Privacy Policy applies to the range.co website, including all subdomains
and subpages, (collectively referred to as the “Site”), and also applies to all
software and services that we offer, including data that we collect through our
integration with other third-party applications, web applications, products,
content, and other online or offline services that we offer when you register
for a Range account (collectively referred to as the “Services”).

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, product or service of any
third-party company even if the third-party website links to (or is linked from)
our Site. Range does not operate or control those websites, products or
services. Please always review the privacy practices of a company before
deciding whether to provide any information.

**Regarding processing done by our customers:** Our Services allow our customers
to collect and understand data generated by the members of their organization,
which may include the personal data of their employees, volunteers, contractors,
or other individuals (“Customer Data”). Our customers’ respective privacy
policies govern their collection and use of Customer Data. If you work for an
organization that uses our Services and have questions or requests relating to
how they collect, use, process, share, disclose, store or delete Customer Data,
you should consult with your organization’s representative.

### Data we collect

#### Data collected automatically

We collect information about your device, such as your Internet Protocol (IP)
address, MAC address, cookie identifiers, general location information (derived
from IP address), information about your mobile device (such as device or
browser type, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers),
and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information
regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during
and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types
of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and
other information about how you use our Services.

#### Site visitors

To simply browse our Site, you are not required to provide any Personal
Information. However, we may gather information from cookies and similar
technologies for the purposes of monitoring and improving our Site and
understanding and improving the effectiveness of our advertising. See our
[Cookie Policy](#cookie-policy) below for more information.

We use a third-party analytics service, Google Analytics, a service provided by
Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how
users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Service. For
more information on how Google uses this data, go to
[here](www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You may also download the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add on, available
[here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

We may also collect personal information, such as your email address, phone
number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services,
register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a
job, fill out a customer survey, or otherwise communicate with us.

#### Users

To gain full access to our Site and Services, you must register for a Range
account. When you register for an account, we collect Personal Information such
as the following: Your name, business name, location, email address, phone
number, and account password. You also can upload additional optional
information, such as your nickname, role, preferred pronouns, profile picture,
and information about your working style and personality, which may be visible
to other people within your organization, including your supervisors. To set up
your account, your IP addresses, devices, and locations used to access Range,
may be linked to your account for security purposes. Through your use of the
Services, we will also collect content from you, such as through periodic
updates (referred to as “Check-Ins”), virtual meetings, or other communications
(collectively, “User Content”). We only use User Content to provide our Service.

When you create a Range account and authenticate via a third-party service, like
Google, Slack, or Microsoft Teams, we may collect, store, and periodically
update the profile information associated with that third-party account that you
share with us. If you choose to authenticate with other services, during sign up
or otherwise, you are giving Range the permission to use, share, and store data
associated with those third-party services in a manner consistent with this
Privacy Notice.

Range partners with Stripe, Inc. for payment processing, and the payment
information you submit is collected and used by them in accordance with their
policies ([see here](https://stripe.com/us/privacy)). Range doesn’t store your
payment information.

#### Children

Per our Terms of Service, Range is not for children. We do not knowingly collect
Personal Information from children under 16 years of age (or other age as
required by law). If you believe that a child has provided us with their
personal information, please contact us at feedback@range.co. If we become aware
that a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll
delete it, unless we are required to retain it under applicable law, and
terminate the child’s account as applicable.

#### Integrations

When you connect your Range account with additional third-party services (such
as Asana, Dropbox, Jira, etc), we may collect and store information associated
with that third-party account and its underlying resources. We make efforts to
limit data collection to the minimum required to provide the service to you.

Please refer to the
[integrations help center](https://www.range.co/help/connecting-apps-and-integrations) to find up to
date information on how each integration works and what data is stored.

### How we use data

We use your information in the following ways:

- To enable us to provide you with our Services
- To create and administer your account, contact you, and customize your
  experience on Range
- To track and analyze use of the Services so that we can understand how Range
  is performing and provide users with the best experience possible
- To send marketing communications (dependent on consent settings)
- To conduct aggregate, non-identifying analysis about how people use Range
  Services
- To provide customer support and communicate with you regarding your account,
  activities on our Services, and Privacy Policy changes
- To detect, combat and notify you about security threats or malicious,
  deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and otherwise to enforce our
  agreements and policies
- To repair, audit, improve, or upgrade our Services
- To comply with our legal obligations
- In the manner described to you at the time of collection or as otherwise
  described in this Privacy Policy

#### Email and mobile notifications

##### Emails

Sometimes we’ll send administrative emails about account or service changes, or
new policies. You can’t opt out of them. You can always opt out of
non-administrative emails such as daily notifications by clicking the
unsubscribe link found at the bottom of said email messages. We won’t email you
to ask for your password or other account information. If you receive such an
email, send it to us so we can investigate.

##### Notifications

Other email and mobile notifications are controlled by your account and
organization settings. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications
by changing the settings on your mobile device.

### How we disclose data

We may share your information with third parties in limited circumstances,
including: (1) with your consent (for example, when you use our Services to
share User Content with other Users within your organization); (2) with our
third-party service providers who use that information to help us provide our
Services (e.g., IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and
related services); or (3) when we have a good faith belief it is required by
law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process, or otherwise
required to protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce
our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an
investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.

If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence,
reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or
transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or
transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law.

We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose. For
example, we may share aggregated or de-identified data with prospects or
partners for business or research purposes, such as telling prospective
customers the average number of updates people share per week, or the percentage
of users who access our Services via a mobile device.

We may use third-party Application Program Interfaces (“APIs”) and Software
Development Kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. For more
information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth in
“[Questions](#questions)” below.

#### Customer support

Range partners with Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”) to provide you with customer
support. Your display name, email, and metadata about your sessions will be
shared with them in accordance with their policies
([see here](https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies)).

### Cookie Policy

We use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and local storage
(collectively, “Technologies”) to recognize you when you return to our Services
We use them in various ways, for example to log you in, remember your
preferences, evaluate email effectiveness, and personalize information.

Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:

- **Operationally Necessary.** This includes Technologies that allow you access
  to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify
  irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security
  or that allow you to make use of our functionality;
- **Performance-Related.** We may use Technologies to assess the performance of
  our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us
  understand how individuals use our Services;
- **Functionality-Related.** We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you
  enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include
  identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your
  specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;

Some third-party services that we use, such as Intercom or Google Analytics, may
place their own cookies in your browser.

You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove
them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However,
if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note
that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However,
you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by
following the instructions for
[Android](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/6048248?hl=en),
[iOS](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074), and
[others](https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/). Please note you
must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.

Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web
browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar
mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

### Data Storage

Range uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as Amazon, for
hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology we need to run
Range.

### Data Security

We follow industry-standard practices to protect the data we collect and
maintain. However, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure, so we
cannot guarantee security. You use the Service at your own risk, and you are
responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account (like using a
strong password).

We encourage the responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities of our Services by
emailing [security@range.co](mailto:security@range.co) If we learn of a security
system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice
on our Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you.

### Data Retention

We will retain data as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide
you with the Services or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will
also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in
this Privacy Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect Range’s legal
rights. We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized
information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security
of our Site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.

### Data Transfers

Range is a US-based company, and as such your information will be collected and
processed in the United States. The United States has its own laws governing
data protection and government access to information. The rules that protect
your personal information under United States law may be different than in your
home country. If you choose to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms
of Service, which set out the contract between Range and its users.

Range Labs Inc. is certified under the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework and adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. For more, see Range’s
[Range’s Privacy Shield Policy](./privacy-shield-policy.html). We endeavor to
safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.

### Your Privacy Rights

In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:

- **Access Personal Information** about you, including: (i) confirming whether
  we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a
  copy of your personal information; and (iii) receiving an electronic copy of
  personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that
  information to another company (the “right of data portability”);
- **Request Correction** of your personal information where it is inaccurate or
  incomplete;
- **Request Deletion** of your personal information;
- **Request Restriction of or Object to** our processing of your personal
  information; and
- **Withdraw your Consent** to our processing of your personal information.

To modify or delete the personal information you’ve provided to us, please log
in and update your account. You may also request that your account be deleted or
exercise the other rights outlined above by emailing feedback@range.co. We will
process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. We may retain certain
information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business
purposes.

### Questions

We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy at feedback@range.co.

To contact our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@range.co.

You can contact us in writing at:
Range Labs Inc., 268 Bush St. #2632, San Francisco, CA 94104

Our EU Representative is:
George Barry, 4 St Christopher's Rd, Montenotte, Cork, T23 E9TR, Ireland

### Data Protection Authority

Subject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European
Economic Area, you also have the right to (i) object to Range’s use of your
personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection
authority.

### Supplemental Notice for California Residents

This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of
personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know
what categories of personal information Range has collected about them and
whether Range disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g.,
to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find
this information below:

| Category of Personal Information Collected by Range                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Identifiers.** A real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.                                                                                   | Data analytics providers, Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share) |
| **Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))** A name, address, telephone number, employment, and billing information.                                                                 | Data analytics providers, Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share) |
| **Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law** Age sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions.                                                         | Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share)                           |
| **Commercial information** Records of products or services purchased, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.                                                                                                                             | Data analytics providers, Service providers                                                                     |
| **Internet or other electronic network activity** Information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.                                                                                                          | Data analytics providers, Service providers                                                                     |
| **Sensory data** Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.                                                                                                                                                                     | Data analytics providers, Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share) |
| **Professional or employment-related information** Current or past job history or performance evaluations.                                                                                                                                                  | Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share)                           |
| **Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer** Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. | Data analytics providers, Service providers, Other Users (e.g., profile information and User Content you share) |

The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our
business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in
“[Data we collect](#data-we-collect)” and
“[How we use data](#how-we-use-this-data)” above, respectively.

#### “Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA

For purposes of the CCPA, Range does not “sell” personal information, nor do we
have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16
years of age.

#### Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents

- **Non-Discrimination.** California residents have the right not to receive
  discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by
  the CCPA.
- **Authorized Agent.** Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your
  behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal
  information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth
  in “[Questions](#questions)” above and provide written authorization signed by
  you and your designated agent.
- **Verification.** To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following
  steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a
  request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to
  reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal
  information or an authorized representative, which may include asking you to
  answer questions regarding your use of our Services.

If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights
under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth in “[Questions](#questions)”
above. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.

This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed in
line with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines,
version 2.1. If you wish to print this Privacy Policy, please do so from your
web browser or by saving the page as a PDF.

### Supplemental Notice for Nevada Residents

If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of
certain Personal Information to third parties who intend to license or sell that
Personal Information. You can exercise this right by contacting
feedback@range.co with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and
providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as sales are
defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
