# EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Policy

_Updated: June 14, 2023_

When transferring data from the European Union, the European Economic Area, and
Switzerland, Range Labs Inc. relies upon a variety of legal mechanisms,
including contracts with our users.

Range Labs Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Range
Labs Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the
Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles
shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our
certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.

Range Labs Inc. is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
JAMS is the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and
resolving complaints about our Privacy Shield compliance â€” free of charge to
you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacyshield@range.co. If you aren't satisfied with our response, please
contact JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In
the event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a
binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles.

Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in accordance with our
commitments under the Privacy Shield, Range Labs Inc. will provide individuals
access to personal data about them. Range Labs Inc. also will take reasonable
steps to enable individuals to correct, amend, or delete personal data that is
demonstrated to be inaccurate.

Range Labs Inc. is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives,
under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party
acting as an agent on its behalf. Range Labs Inc. complies with the Privacy
Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and
Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

To learn about Range's other privacy practices please see our
[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy.html).
